right in there so that's what I'm
getting at here is not that literally
where did you find out about how to make
a green smoothie but what's your life
experience with green smoothies and
there's never any clue about your life
straight to the green smoothies but I do
though let them know what your life
experiences with the green smoothies my
life experiences in the last two years I
have been in the Marines made it almost
every day and actually I go for a couple
of days without them I don't feel very
well I know that they make a difference
and I know that people get healthier I
didn't even start losing weight till
about five months ago and I'm not 66
tell me it that's are getting here so in
five months or so she's lost like sixty
pounds were interested entries is
particularly before the green smoothies
what pain were you when I was sick and
depressed extremely different hats
bearing that is that's kind of nice and
it didn't help when 1996 I was in the
Army and then I went to school and i got
a job so I never had any time you know
that that's all part of what I one share
this this is what's gonna get you past
the via is not only your pain and that
there were you've been through but the
fact that you found something that
helped and so when you're against a
point like a small enough to fit my
course on I want you to go hey who is
gonna miss out because i dont put this
course on and what are they gonna
missile 2010 out there is suffering how
are they suffering and how will they
keep suffering if they don't get my
course
so you know they're suffering yeah I did
I did so it comes down to this is our
song gatien they like my fear about
should I should I say my ideas or not I
think what about their nice guy out
there who feels like isolated from
everybody else feels like he's the only
person on the planet and worries that
he's a psychopath because you can't feel
any emotion when I'm at home as a feared
a home that I hope back to main so when
you think about what about those people
out there who were unable to process
deep grief properly so they started
eating badly entry themselves barely and
they got sick and they got their
self-worth and the self-image went down
one of those people gonna miss out on if
you don't do your course very good I
like that I never thought I mean I know
that I'm doing it to help them but I
never thought about what they would be
losing if i dont
other people I yeah look at how much
were you able to put in the course then
because the transformed the course for
you this isn't just about green
smoothies in Europe green smoothies when
you're willing to put your cell in your
story in course so people can see about
how I've been talking today and here
today about his coaching in being a nice
guy or pick up artist type of approach
but I mentioned to people when we write
about 30 or 35 after take some of the
things we're talking about and see how
those concepts become part of your life
is the same ok sure this course you
might be teaching people about green
smoothies but that's not really why
you're making course it's what you were
able to do what you started putting
these greens with you lost weight in
part of a larger process that you've
been going through here with dealing
with grief and anxiety in it all of
these other things and that's not to say
that green smoothies are going to be the
miracle plot in the pixie dust that
people just sprinkle over and we were
themselves to get rid of depression and
anxiety increase in their life but
people who maybe aren't at all
interested in green smoothies may still
be very interested in your course when
they see how that transformation for
yourself by improving your diet by
taking concrete action soon become so
much bigger than just a minute teach you
how to make green smoothies in years a
bunch of green smoothies or if you eat
these green smoothies maybe you're gonna
lose some weight is well of course gets
to take on a much bigger impact that i'm
gonna watch my journey of how I dealt
with grief and anxiety in these other
bigger issues that's that's the point of
being a man and somebody's not gonna
sign up the course how to make green
smoothies but they will sign up to the
course how do you find your own way to
deal with the grief they're held you
back that's what they're going to align
with that's where they're gonna hear
your story and I really hope it's not
already your story as throughout the
course that isn't just put this in a
blender it's the reason I do ask is
because when my son passed away I didn't
have the tools to deal with it you know
my my health got there by myself and
declined because of their and I realized
that the way to break through this was
stopped with my my health
you know for me to get to a place where
I'm gonna be in the right mindset to
deal with the pain then on then I need
to get right I need to be functioning
you know I'm just making this up once
you've got your own story but yeah I
think my camera put a bit of this is a
course on green smoothies and then
there's the course on learning how to me
as your health so he can deal with the
pain that you're right that's the
court's people gonna be like that Smith
finally very few people like how do you
make a smoothie that's you know this
YouTube video so that that's not what
you courses about you know you're very
good so I hope that being able to frame
in that fashion gives you that kind of
debt doesn't have to be a girl but
intense type of emotion that you can
have no way to get it I don't need to
finish this course so that people could
learn how to make a green smoothie I
need to finish this course so that
people can get this bigger impact about
transforming their life in a way to deal
with some of these these bigger issues
and so will you start having any of
these type of desires to procrastinate
make excuses for whatever reason you
can't shoot that next video look at that
oh no wait a minute who cares whether
the green smoothie or not what I care
about is whether people deal with these
bigger issues in their lives in whether
I'm getting my message out there so
people can see how I am transforming my
life right now in your still a work in
progress right oh and speaking of being
a work in progress so I guess I should
ask dad about that as well and you can
hang out if you want to reserve you feel
like you're good to go you can be a lot
of the seat hear ya so just kind of
maybe